Docs and README update for ZenML Cloud (#1723)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/user-guide/advanced-guide/custom-stack-solutions/implement-a-custom-integration.md

#  `zenml <type-of-stack-component> register ... -f example-orchestrator-flavor`
EXAMPLE_ORCHESTRATOR_FLAVOR = <"example-orchestrator-flavor">

# Create a Subclass of the Integration Class
class ExampleIntegration(Integration):
    """Definition of Example Integration for ZenML."""

    NAME = <EXAMPLE_INTEGRATION>
    REQUIREMENTS = ["<INSERT PYTHON REQUIREMENTS HERE>"]

    @classmethod
    def flavors(cls) -> List[Type[Flavor]]:
        """Declare the stack component flavors for the <EXAMPLE> integration."""
        from zenml.integrations.<example_flavor> import <ExampleFlavor>
        
        return [<ExampleFlavor>]
        
ExampleIntegration.check_installation() # this checks if the requirements are installed
```

Have a look at the [MLflow Integration](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/blob/main/src/zenml/integrations/mlflow/\_\_init\_\_.py) as an example for how it is done.

**5. Import in all the right places**

The Integration itself must be imported within [`src/zenml/integrations/__init__.py`](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/blob/main/src/zenml/integrations/\_\_init\_\_.py).

### Step 4: Create a PR and celebrate :tada:

> You can now [create a PR](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/compare) to ZenML and wait for the core maintainers to take a look. Thank you so much for your contribution to the code-base, rock on! 💜

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now [create a PR](https://github.com/zenml-io/zenml/compare) to ZenML and wait for the core maintainers to take a look. Thank you so much for your contribution to the codebase, rock on! 💜
```
